Riya Mhatre, rmhatre@ucsd.edu, A15, Mentor: Rod Albuyeh
1. The most interesting topic that was covered in my domain was creating a package that could be installed anywhere using pip. When a user installs the package, they will get the necessary libraries installed to their environment, so they can immediately run the program rather than wasting time on figuring out what packages they need to download.
2. I would like to continue working to speed up our code using dask functions. Since the dataset is extremely large, it takes a long time for the code to run (approximately 40 minutes). Currently, we are working on converting the csv files to parquet files to speed up the process, but something that we want to look into is using dask. We want to convert the current functions we have to dask functions to speed up the runtime significantly. In addition, we want to work more with DSMLP and run our code through that to make it much faster.
3. One change would be to encourage more team work and collaboration rather than having everyone take on the tasks individually. Since everyone in the team is currently working on similar tasks individually, the process is much slower than it could be. If there is more collaboration, more ideas are exchanged and roadblocks are eliminated.
4. I'm interested in possibly using AWS because it is a very important tool to be proficient in. Using AWS would also speed up the run time of the model, so it is something that is worth looking into. It will be a good experience to work with this tool.
